# Node

> The base for every element in the `wom` hierarchy. Its children are also nodes.

`Node` is the base for every object represented in the 3d scene. Every `Node` implements a geometrical transformation (position, orientation, scale) and a physical representation for an entity. Subclasses of `Node` extends the basic frame with entities which get their transformation from `Node` base class. Transforming any entity in the 3d scene is done via the `Node` interface of the subclass.

`Node`s can be hierarchically arranged where `wom` serves as root `Node`. Every attached `Node` inherits the geometrical frame of its parent and have derived transformation.

`Node` is an [`EventEmitter`](https://nodejs.org/api/events.html#events_class_eventemitter) class.


## `new Node([options])`
To create and insert `Node` into `wom` tree use `wom.create('node', [options])`!
* `options` Object (optional)
  * `id` String (optional) - A unique identifier for a node among other nodes. Default is autogenerated.
  * `class` String (optional) - Determines the class of a node for querying. _For mulitple classes separate them with ' '_. Default is empty
  * `position` Object {x, y, z} (optional) - The `Node`'s position in 3d scene. Default is `{x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0}`. _Partial object definitions are completed with default property values_
  * `orientation` Object, {x, y, z, w} or {angle, axis: {x, y, z}}
    (optional) - `Node`'s orientation in 3d scene. Default is `{w: 1.0, x: 0.0, y: 0.0, z: 0.0}`.
  * `scale` Object {x, y, z} | Number (optional) - The `Node`'s scale along axes. If one Number is provided it will be used for every axis. Default is `{x: 1.0, y: 1.0, z: 1.0}`.
  * `autophysical` Boolean (optional) - Whether to generate a simple physical
    shape for the `Node`. Default is `false`.
  * `done` Function (optional) - A callback that executes, when the `Node` is
    successfully inserted into the 3d scene. Default is no operation.
  * `physical` Object (optional) - The physical description of the `Node`.
    * `link-type` String (optional) - Type of physical representation of `Node`. Possible values are `static`, `dynamic`, `kinematic`, `ghost` (default).
    * `raycast` Boolean (optional) - Whether the physical is pointable by mouse. Default is `false`.
    * `collision` Boolean (optional) - Whether `Node` receive collision events. Default is `false`.
    * `coefficients` Object (optional) - Dynamic properties of physical
      * `restitution` Number (optional) - Physical restitution. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.7`
      * `linear-damping` Number (optional) - Linear damping. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.1`
      * `angular-damping` Number (optional) - Angular damping. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.1`
      * `friction` Number (optional) - Physical friction. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.3`
      * `rolling-friction` Number (optional) - Rolling friction. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.01`
      * `gravity` Object (optional) - Gravity affecting physical entity in [m/s^2]. {x, y, z}. Default is `{x: 0, y: -9.81, z: 0}`

```jsx
const node = <node
  id='root'
  position={{ y: 300 }}
  orientation={{ x: 0, y: 0, z: 0, w: 1 }}
  scale={10}
>
  <node id='child-node'/>
</node>

```

## Instance Events

### core mouse events
This section describes core mouse events emitted for this `Node` from 3d scene. For event emission `Node` should have a physical shape and be pointable. Every event of this section returns

Object - core mouse event object
  * `target` String - Name of mouse event target physical object in 3d scene. (hovered object)
  * `type` String - Mouse event type.
  * `button` String - Triggering mouse button of the event. Possible values: `left`, `right`, `middle`, `none`, `browser-back`, `browser-forward`.
  * `buttonbitmask` Number - Bitmask of button states. Binary digits of buttons are: `left:0`, `middle:1`, `right:2`. (e.g. holding right and left button results `5` - `2^0 + 2^2`)
  * `is3d` Boolean - Is pointed object 3D object.
  * `isOverlay` Boolean - Is pointed object overlay.
  * `ctrlKey` Boolean - Is Ctrl key pressed.
  * `shiftKey` Boolean - Is Shift key pressed.
  * `altKey` Boolean - Is Alt key pressed.
  * `metaKey` Boolean - Is Meta key pressed (a.k.a. gui key, command on _macOS_, win key on _Windows_).
  * `screenPosProportional` Object {x, y} - Screen position of cursor proportional to screen size as percentage.
  * `screenPosPixels` Object {x, y} - Screen position of cursor in pixels.
  * `deltaPosProportional` Object {x, y} - Delta mouse movement proportional to screen size as percentage.
  * `deltaPosPixels` Object {x, y} - Delta mouse movement in pixels.
  * `spacePos` Object {x, y, z} - 3D position of the cursor. Intersection coordinates between the pointed 3D object's physical hitshape and mouse ray originating from cursor's screen coordinate and pointing into 3D scene (-Z direction). Position is defined in scene's world coordinates.
  * `spaceNormal` Object {x, y, z} - Normal of pointed 3D object.
  * `relativePosProportional` Object {x, y} - Position projected to area of a `canvas` (or any derived) type 3D object proportional to `canvas` size as percentage.
  * `relativePosPixels` Object {x, y} - Position projected to area of a `canvas` (or any derived) type 3D object in pixels.
  * `detail` Number - Custom attribute. For `click` event it holds number of consecutive clicks.
  * `duration` Number - Duration between mouse press and release events for click type events in milliseconds
  * `cancelable` Boolean
  * `bubbles` Boolean
  * `timestamp` Number - Timestamp of event in milliseconds. Defines when the event arrives in maxwhere engine's event loop.

#### `'click'`
Mouse click on this `Node`

#### `'contextMenu'`
Mouse right click on this `Node`

_Alias: `'contextmenu'`_

#### `'dblclick'`
Double click on this `Node`

#### `'mouseDown'`
Mouse button pressed on this `Node`

_Alias: `'mousedown'`_

#### `'mouseUp'`
Mouse button released on this `Node`

_Alias: `'mouseup'`_

#### `'mouseEnter'`
Mouse entered pointable area of `Node`

_Alias: `'mouseenter'`_

#### `'mouseLeave'`
Mouse left pointable area of `Node`

_Alias: `'mouseleave'`_

#### `'mouseMove'`
Mouse moves over the `Node`

_Alias: `'mousemove'`_

#### `'mouseWheel'`
Mouse wheel moved over the `Node`
Event Object - Wheel event have the following additional properties:
  * `delta` Object {x, y, z} - Delta wheel movement. `y` coordinate defines the ordinary wheel direction
  * `deltamode` Number - Delta mode (`0`: pixel `1`: line `2`: page)

_Alias: `'mousewheel'`_

### node events

#### `'created'`
The `Node` is created in 3d scene

#### `'deleted'`
The `Node` is deleted from 3d scene

#### `'updated'`
The `Node`'s Entity has been updated

#### `'class-add'`
An item is added to `Node`'s class list

#### `'class-remove'`
An item is removed from `Node`'s class list

## Instance Properties

#### `Node.id`
A String which is the unique ID of `Node`. It is randomly generated or user specified.

#### `Node.done`
A Function which is called when the `Node` is created successfully. _Called right after 'created' event is emitted_

#### `Node.attached`
A Boolean that indicates that the `Node` is attached to an other parent `Node`. It implicitly shows whether the `Node` is inserted into 3d scene.

#### `Node.created`
A Boolean that indicates that the node is created successfully. _Turns `true` right before 'created' event is emitted_

<!--
#### `Node.node`
A `NodeWrap` that is the underlying native representation of a `Node`. It only has a value after attachment or creation.

#### `Node.entity`
The underlying native representation of a `Node`'s entity. It only has a value after attachment or creation.

#### `Node.physical`
... Wrap

#### `Node.props`
The properties of a `Node`. Almost every information about a `Node` is stored here.
-->

#### `Node.parent`
A `Node` that is the parent of this `Node`. `null` means `Node` has no parent.

#### `Node.children`
A `Node[]` array that is the children of the `Node`.

#### `Node.animating`
A Boolean that indicates that `Node` is currently animated.

#### `Node.classArray`
A String[] array containing element classes of this `Node`.

<!--
## Class Methods

### `Node.fromNative(nativeNode)`

From the native node (`NodeWrap`) object constructs a `Node` object.
-->

## Instance Methods

If the return value is not specified the method returns this `Node` instance.

### hierarchy management

#### `Node.create()`
Creates and attaches this `Node` in the 3d scene based on instance properties. _If the `Node` has valid physical shape mouse event listeners are registered automatically._

#### `Node.render(element)`
Creates the specified `Node`s and attaches them to this `Node` instance. _Calls `create()` on every provided `Node`_

* `element` `Node` | `Node[]` Child(ren) to create and add to this `Node` instance. _If any element have further children they are getting created and attached recursively._

#### `Node.attach([parent])`
Attaches this `Node` instance to parent `Node`. For the first attach the `Node` is created in the 3d scene.

* `parent` `Node` (optional) Parent to attach this `Node` instance to. If no parent is provided the instance is attached to `wom` (root `Node`)

#### `Node.add(element)`
Adds the specified `Node`s to this `Node` instance as children. This function doesn't insert child `Node`s into the 3d scene!

* `element` `Node` | `Node[]` Children to add to this `Node` instance

_Alias: `appendChild(element)`_

#### `Node.removeChild(child)`
Removes a child `Node` of this `Node` instance. The child will be removed from `Node`'s hierarchy but no entity belongs to it will be removed from 3d scene! _Removes and destroys children of child recursively._

 * `child` `Node` Child to remove from this `Node` instance

#### `Node.clear()`
Deletes this `Node` from the `Node` hierarchy and the 3d scene. Deletes every entities, listeners and applied for children, too. 

### core node access

#### `Node.getPosition()`
Returns Object - The current position of the `Node` in 3d scene. {x, y, z}

_If `Node` has parent the derived transformation is returned!_

#### `Node.setPosition(x[, y, z, ref, spc])`
Sets the position of the `Node`, where position in defined in the given space and applied in the given reference.
* `x` Number | Object | Number[]
  - x coordinate of position to set
  - Position to set as {x, y, z} or [x, y, z]. If given as Object or Array, `y`, `z` parameters are ignored.
* `y` Number (optional) - y coordinate of position to set
* `z` Number (optional) - z coordinate of position to set
* `ref` String (optional) - Reference of the adjustment. Possible values are: `absolute` (default), `relative`.
* `spc` String (optional) - Space the adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`

#### `Node.translate(x[, y, z, space])`
Translates the position of `Node` with the given offset, defined in the given space.
* `x` Number | Object | Number[]
  - Offset x coordinate
  - Offset as {x, y, z} or [x, y, z]. If given as Object or Array, `y`, `z` parameters are ignored.
* `y` Number (optional) - Offset y coordinate
* `z` Number (optional) - Offset z coordinate
* `spc` String (optional) - Space the adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`

_Same as `setPosition(x, y, z, 'relative', space)`_

#### `Node.getScale()`
Returns Object - The scale of the `Node` along every dimension. {x, y, z}

_If `Node` has parent the derived transformation is returned!_

#### `Node.setScale(x[, y, z, ref, spc])`
Sets the scale of `Node` along every dimension. Scale values are defined in the given space in the given reference.
* `x` Number | Object | Number[]
  - Scale along x coordinate to set
  - Scale to set as {x, y, z} or [x, y, z]. If given as Object or Array, `y`, `z` parameters are ignored.
* `y` Number (optional) - scale along y coordinate to set
* `z` Number (optional) - scale along z coordinate to set
* `ref` String (optional) - Reference of the adjustment. Possible values are: `absolute` (default), `relative`.
* `spc` String (optional) - Space the adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`

#### `Node.magnify(x[, y, z, space])`
Magnifies the `Node` with the specified measures along every dimension. Measures are defined in specified space and `1.0` represents the original scale.
* `x` Number | Object | Number[]
  - Magnification measure along x coordinate (non-negative)
  - Magnification to apply as {x, y, z} or [x, y, z] (non-negative). If given as Object or Array, `y`, `z` parameters are ignored.
* `y` Number (optional) - Magnification measure along y coordinate (non-negative)
* `z` Number (optional) - Magnification measure along z coordinate (non-negative)
* `spc` String (optional) - Space the adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`

_Same as `setScale(x, y, z, 'relative', space)`_

#### `Node.getOrientation()`
Returns Object - Current orientation of the `Node` in the 3d scene as Quaternion. {w, x, y, z}

_If `Node` has parent the derived transformation is returned!_

#### `Node.setOrientation(w[, x, y, z, ref, space])`
Sets the orientation of the `Node`, where orientation in defined in the given space and applied in the given reference.
* `w` Number | Object
  - w member of orientation quaternion to set
  - Orientation to set as {w, x, y, z} or {angle, axis}, where angle is Number and axis can be either {x, y, z} or [x, y, z]. If given as Object, `x`, `y`, `z` parameters are ignored.
* `x` Number (optional) - x member of orientation quaternion to set
* `y` Number (optional) - y member of orientation quaternion to set
* `z` Number (optional) - z member of orientation quaternion to set
* `ref` String (optional) - Reference of the adjustment. Possible values are: `absolute` (default), `relative`.
* `spc` String (optional) - Space the adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`

#### `Node.rotate(w[, x, y, z, space])`
Rotates the `Node` with the specified orientation in the given space.
* `w` Number | Object
  - w member of quaternion to rotate with
  - Orientation to rotate with as {w, x, y, z} or {angle, axis}, where angle is Number and axis can be either {x, y, z} or [x, y, z]. If given as Object, `x`, `y`, `z` parameters are ignored.
* `x` Number (optional) - x member of quaternion to rotate with
* `y` Number (optional) - y member of quaternion to rotate with
* `z` Number (optional) - z member of quaternion to rotate with
* `spc` String (optional) - Space the adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`

_Same as `setOrientation(w, x, y, z, 'relative', space)`_

#### `Node.animate(attribute, options[, complete])`
Animates the `Node` by changing the specified attribute of its transformation. Animation will change the attribute according to the specified option parameters step by step.
* `attribute` String - Transformation type. Possible values are `position`, `scale`, `orientation`. Matching values are Object {x, y, z} for `position`, `scale` and Object {w, x, y, z} or {angle, axis} for `orientation`
* `options` Object - Options determining the run of the animation.
  * `from` Object | Object[] (optional) - Start values of the animated attribute for every step. If it's omitted it will animate from the actual value of the attribute. Otherwise the length of array should be equal to number of animation steps.
  * `to` Object | Object[] - End values of the animated attribute for every step. The length of array should be equal to number of animation steps.
  * `duration` Number | Number[] - Duration of every animation steps in seconds. If animating through multiple steps but only one duration is provided, it will be used for every step. Otherwise the length of array should be equal to number of animation steps.
  * `repeat` Boolean (optional) - Repeat the animation for ever. Default is `false`.
  * `loop` Boolean (optional) - Loop the animation for ever. Animation will be played, then played backwards and repeated (overrides `repeat` if given contradictory). Default is `false`.
  * `cubic` Object[] | String (optional) - The cubic easing function of the animation which defines the curve of temporal run. Can be provided by defining the two control points of the bezier curve ( [x1, y1, x2, y2] or [ {x, y}, {x, y} ], or by name of predefined easing functions: `linear`, `ease` (default), `ease-in`, `ease-out`, `ease-in-out`, `ease-in-out-back`, `ease-in-out-circ`, `ease-in-out-expo`, `ease-in-out-sine`, `ease-in-out-quint`, `ease-in-out-quart`, `ease-in-out-cubic`, `ease-in-out-quad`, `ease-out-back`, `ease-out-circ`, `ease-out-expo`, `ease-out-sine`, `ease-out-quint`, `ease-out-quart`, `ease-out-cubic`, `ease-out-quad`, `ease-in-back`, `ease-in-circ`, `ease-in-expo`, `ease-in-sine`, `ease-in-quint`, `ease-in-quart`, `ease-in-cubic`, `ease-in-quad`. Default is `[ 0.25, 0.1, 0.25, 1 ]`/`ease`
  * `reference` String (optional) - Reference of the attribute adjustment. Possible values are: `absolute` (default), `relative`.
  * `space` String (optional) - Space the attribute adjustment is applied in. Possible values are: `local`, `parent` (default), `world`
* `complete` Function (optional) - Callback for completed animation. If `repeat` is `true` the animation will be completed only if stopped manually.

```jsx
wom.render(
  <mesh
    url='ball.mesh'
    done={ b => {
      b.animate('position', {
        to: { x: 30, y: 30, z: 0 },
        duration: 10
      })
      b.animate('scale', {
        to: [ { x: 2, y: 1, z: 5 }, { x: 1, y: 10, z: 6 } ],
        duration: [1, 1.5],
        loop: true
      })
    } }
  />)
```

#### `Node.deanimate(attribute)`
Cancels an ongoing animation for the specified attribute.
* `attribute` String - Transformation type. Possible values are `position`, `scale`, `orientation`

#### `Node.show()`
Shows the `Node`'s entities in 3d scene.

#### `Node.hide()`
Hides the `Node`'s entities in 3d scene.

#### `Node.isShown()`
Returns Boolean - Is entities of this `Node` visible in 3d scene

#### `Node.showTransformTool()`
Opens transformation tool on `Node`. _Experimental_

#### `Node.hideTransformTool()`
Closes transformation tool on `Node`. _Experimental_

#### `Node.isTranformToolVisible()`
Returns Boolean - Whether transformation tool is opened on `Node`. _Experimental_

<!--
### `Node.clone()`
Clones node _... Not! (Unimplemented)_
-->
### core physical access

#### `Node.autoPhysical()`
Adds auto-generated physical shape to `Node` based on the axis aligned bounding box of `Node`'s entity (if any is present).

#### `Node.addPhysicalShape(physh)`
Adds custom physical shape to `Node`.
* `physh` Object - Descriptor of custom physical shape to add.
  * `shape` String (optional) - Name of shape type. Possible values are `box`, `sphere` (default), `mesh`, `cylinder`, `capsule`, `canvas`.
  * `mass` Number (optional) - Mass of shape. Default is `1.0`
  * `offset` Object (optional) - Center of Gravity's offset according to `Node`'s transformation. {x, y, z}. Default is `{x: 0, y: 0, z: 0}` (centered)
  * `rotation` Object (optional) - Center of Gravity's rotation according to `Node`'s transformation. {w, x, y, z} or {angle: Number, axis: {x, y, z}}. Default is `{w: 1, x: 0, y: 0, z: 0}` (identical) _Not applied for 'sphere' type_
  * `width` Number (optional) - Width of the shape. Default is `10.0`. _Applied for `box`, `canvas` types_
  * `height` Number (optional) - Height of the shape. Default is `10.0`. _Applied for `box`, `cylinder`, `capsule`, `canvas` types_
  * `depth` Number (optional) - Depth of the shape. Default is `10.0`. _Applied only for `box` type_
  * `radius` Number (optional) - Radius of the shape. Default is `10.0`. _Applied for `cylinder`, `sphere`, `capsule` types_
  * `mesh` String (optional) - Path to OBJ descriptor of shape. _Applied only for `mesh` type_

#### `Node.removePhysicalShape(physh)`
Removes the specified physical shape from `Node`.
* `physh` Object - Descriptor of physical shape to remove.
  * `shape` String - Type of physical shape. Possible values are `box`, `sphere`, `mesh`, `cylinder`, `capsule`, `canvas`
  * `index` Number - Index of physical shape. Every added physical shape is grouped by shape types and indexed by insertion order. Note, that the index of a given shape can be modified when an other shape of that kind is removed! (Integer)

#### `Node.removeAllPhysicalShape()`
Removes every physical shape from `Node`.

#### `Node.getPhysicalType()`
Returns String - The type of physical entity of this `Node`. Possible values are `static`, `dynamic`, `kinematic`, `ghost`.

#### `Node.setPhysicalType(phyt)`
Sets the type of physical entity of this `Node`
* `phyt` String - The physical type to set. Possible values are `static`, `dynamic`, `kinematic`, `ghost`.

_Physical type describes the behavior of physical representation in physical world. Following table summarizes the features of physical types._

|  | Can be moved | Collide | Glance off
|---|---|---|---
| Static | :x: | :white_check_mark: | :x:
| Kinematic | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x:
| Ghost | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x:
| Dynamic | :x: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: 

#### `Node.getPointable()`
Returns Boolean - Showing whether the physical entity of this `Node` is pointable with mouse (that is, accepts ray cast).

#### `Node.setPointable(raycast)`
Sets whether the physical entity of this `Node` is pointable with mouse
* `raycast` Boolean - Accept ray cast

#### `Node.getCanCollide()`
Returns Boolean - Showing whether the physical entity of this `Node` can collide with other physical objects in 3d scene. 

_Effect of collision depends on the physical object's type_

#### `Node.setCanCollide(collide)`
Sets whether the physical entity of this `Node` can collide with other physical objects in 3d scene.
* `collide` Boolean - Enable collision

_Effect of collision depends on the physical object's type_

#### `Node.getCoeffs()`
Returns Objects - Coefficient values of the physical entity of this `Node` describing the dynamical behaviour of physical shapes.
  * `restitution` Number - Physical restitution. In range [0,1]
  * `linear-damping` Number - Linear damping. In range [0,1]
  * `angular-damping` Number - Angular damping. In range [0,1]
  * `friction` Number - Physical friction. In range [0,1]
  * `rolling-friction` Number - Rolling friction. In range [0,1]
  * `gravity` Object - Gravity affecting physical entity in [m/s^2]. {x, y, z}

#### `Node.setCoeffs(coeff)`
Sets coefficient values of the physical entity of this `Node` describing the dynamical behaviour of physical shapes.
* `coeff` Object - Coefficient descriptor
  * `restitution` Number (optional) - Physical restitution. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.7`
  * `linear-damping` Number (optional) - Linear damping. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.1`
  * `angular-damping` Number (optional) - Angular damping. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.1`
  * `friction` Number (optional) - Physical friction. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.3`
  * `rolling-friction` Number (optional) - Rolling friction. In range [0,1]. Default is `0.01`
  * `gravity` Object (optional) - Gravity affecting physical entity in [m/s^2]. {x, y, z}. Default is `{x: 0, y: -9.81, z: 0}`

<!--
### `Node.getNodeById(id)`
From the current `n` Node, it starts traversing to find the Node with `id`. Returns that Node.

``` js
// Finding something from the root

let foo = wom.getNodeById(foo.id)
```
-->

### selectors

#### `Node.addClass(...args)`
Adds element class of `Node`.
* `...args` String - Any number of class to add

#### `Node.removeClass(...args)`
Removes element class of `Node`.
* `...args` String - Any number of class to remove

#### `Node.hasClass(c)`
Returns Boolean - Does this `Node` have specified element class
* `c` String - Element class to query

#### `Node.toggleClass(c[, cond])`
Adds or removes element class of `Node` depending on provided condition.
* `c` String - Element class to toggle
* `cond` Boolean (optional) - Condition which decide whether the element class should be added or removed. If not provided the class will be added if `Node` doesn't has it yet, otherwise removed.

#### `Node.select(q)`
CCS style selector for `Node`s. Element ID is `Node`'s `id` and element classes are user defined.
Returns Object - The first match of selector, or `null` if there was no match.
* `q` String - Selector

```js
wom.select('#nodeid')
```
_Supported selectors as defined by CSS 4 and / or jQuery._

* Universal (`*`)
* Tag (`<tagname>`)
* Descendant (` `)
* Child (`>`)
* Parent (`<`) *
* Sibling (`+`)
* Adjacent (`~`)
* Attribute (`[attr=foo]`), with supported comparisons:
  * `[attr]` (existential)
  * `=`
  * `~=`
  * `|=`
  * `*=`
  * `^=`
  * `$=`
  * `!=` *
  * Also, `i` can be added after the comparison to make the comparison case-insensitive (eg. `[attr=foo i]`) *
* Pseudos:
  * `:not`
  * `:contains` *
  * `:icontains` * (case-insensitive version of `:contains`)
  * `:has` *
  * `:root`
  * `:empty`
  * `:parent` *
  * `:[first|last]-child[-of-type]`
  * `:only-of-type`, `:only-child`
  * `:nth-[last-]child[-of-type]`
  * `:link`, `:visited` (the latter doesn't match any elements)
  * `:selected` *, `:checked`
  * `:enabled`, `:disabled`
  * `:required`, `:optional`
  * `:header`, `:button`, `:input`, `:text`, `:checkbox`, `:file`, `:password`, `:reset`, `:radio` etc. *
  * `:matches` *

__*__: Not part of CSS3

For more info, see [css-select](https://github.com/MaxWhere/css-select).

#### `Node.selectAll(q)`
CCS style selector for `Node`s. Element ID is `Node`'s `id` and element classes are user defined.
Returns Object[] - Every match of selector, or `[]` if there was no match.
* `q` String - Selector

```js
wom.selectAll('mesh, light')
```

_See `Node.select` description for details_
